# System requirements

Before installing the EML ecosystem, ensure that your server meets the following system requirements.

## VPS, server, or testing environment

EML AdminTool works on every platform supporting Docker (Linux, macOS, Windows). However, for production environments, a Linux-based (for example, Ubuntu or Debian) VPS or dedicated server is recommended.

### Hardware requirements

|               | Minimum requirement | Recommended requirement |
| ------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------- |
| CPU           | 2 vCPU              | 4+ vCPUs                |
| RAM           | 2 GB                | 4+ GB                   |
| Total storage | 25 GB               | 50+ GB SSD              |

> [!NOTE]
> The requirements above are based on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS. Debian can be used with lower specifications.

> [!WARNING]
> Launchers can make many requests to EML AdminTool. If your Minecraft server doesn't have a lot of players, you can use a VPS with low requirements. However, if you have a lot of players, you should use a VPS with high requirements, to avoid any performance issues or crashes.

### Software requirements

- **Operating System:** A recent version of a Linux distribution (Ubuntu 20.04 LTS or later, Debian 10 or later) is recommended for production environments. Other operating systems are supported for testing purposes.
- **Docker:** A tutorial to install Docker and Docker Compose can be found at [Get Docker](#2.1-get-docker).
- **Web Server / Reverse Proxy:** NGINX (recommended) or Apache is required to expose EML AdminTool securely to the internet. No tutorial is provided to install a web server; please refer to the official documentation of your chosen web server. A tutorial to configure NGINX as a reverse proxy for EML AdminTool is provided at [Set up NGINX](#2.3-set-up-nginx).
- **`cURL` or `wget`:** Required to download files from the internet during installation and updates.

## Domain name (optional but recommended)

While not strictly necessary, it is highly recommended to have a domain name pointing to your server's IP address. This allows for easier access to EML AdminTool and enables SSL certificate generation for secure connections.

Please refer to your domain registrar's documentation for instructions on setting up DNS records (A, CNAME) to point your domain name to your server's IP address.

> [!NOTE]
> For the rest of this tutorial, the domain `at.emlproject.qzz.io` will be used as an example.
