---
title: EML now supports NeoForge and Quilt!
date: '2026-02-02'
author: GoldFrite
description: EML now supports Forge, NeoForge, Fabric, and Quilt! The next step is the official stable release.
tags: [update, major]
filter: [admin, user, viewer]
---

After three weeks of hard work, I'm very proud to announce that **EML now supports Forge, NeoForge, Fabric, and Quilt**! It covers almost every modding need. To get it:
- **EML AdminTool:** Update via the Settings tab.
- **EML Lib:** Run ⁨⁨`npm update`⁩⁩.

I will update the documentation in the coming days.

## Road to stable

EML Lib is now in version ⁨⁨`2.0.0-beta.20`⁩⁩ and EML AdminTool is in version ⁨⁨`2.0.0-beta.11`⁩⁩. **The next step is the official stable release**. 
But for that, I need your help! Please report **as many bugs as possible** via GitHub issues:
- [Issues for EML Lib](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-Lib/issues)
- [Issues for EML AdminTool](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool/issues)

I aim to release the stable versions within the next three weeks.

## What about future updates?

I have planned significant updates for the coming months, including:
- Multiple instance support via EML AdminTool and EML Lib;
- Custom Minecraft versions support (such as MCP);
- An EML AdminTool-agnostic version of EML Lib, with a clear guide to help you manage your files and instances manually;
- Yggdrasil authentication support via EML Lib (thanks to IkyMax's pull request);
- The return of the _Stats_ feature;
- Crash Reporting: A feature to send anonymized crash reports from launchers to EML AdminTool;
- Chunked file uploads for EML AdminTool (uploading files bit by bit), essential for large modpacks;
- Finalization of the EML AdminTool home page.

I hope you enjoy using this project as much as I enjoy building it! Stay tuned for future updates!
